ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/mixin/world/structures/SpawnRestrictionMixin.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.mixin.world.structures.SpawnRestrictionMixin
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/feature/structures/TallRock2Structure.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.structures.TallRock2Structure
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.structures.TallRock2Structure$Start
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/feature/structures/OasisStructure.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.structures.OasisStructure
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.structures.OasisStructure$Start
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/gui/VaseGUI.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.gui.VaseGUI
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/mixin/StopExperimentalAdvice.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.mixin.StopExperimentalAdvice
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/feature/tree/PalmFoliagePlacer.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.tree.PalmFoliagePlacer
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/BarrenIsles.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.BarrenIsles
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/BarrenIslesClient.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.BarrenIslesClient
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/ThornweedBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.ThornweedBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/registry/BlockRegistry.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.BlockRegistry
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.BlockRegistry$1
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.BlockRegistry$2
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.BlockRegistry$3
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.BlockRegistry$4
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/feature/structures/Rock1Structure.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.structures.Rock1Structure
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.structures.Rock1Structure$Start
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/registry/FeatureRegistry.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.FeatureRegistry
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/food/BarrenIslesFoodComponents.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.food.BarrenIslesFoodComponents
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/feature/tree/PalmTrunkPlacer.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.tree.PalmTrunkPlacer
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/TallDesertFlowerBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.TallDesertFlowerBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/entity/TumbleweedEntity.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.entity.TumbleweedEntity
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/model/TumbleweedModel.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.model.TumbleweedModel
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/PalmTrapdoorBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.PalmTrapdoorBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/VaseBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.VaseBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/registry/ItemRegistry.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.ItemRegistry
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/renderer/tumbleweed/TumbleweedRenderer.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.renderer.tumbleweed.TumbleweedRenderer
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/PalmSaplingBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.PalmSaplingBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/registry/DimensionRegistry.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.DimensionRegistry
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/model/DuneraptorModel.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.model.DuneraptorModel
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/mixin/world/structures/NoiseChunkGeneratorMixin.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.mixin.world.structures.NoiseChunkGeneratorMixin
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/CoconutBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.CoconutBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/mixin/world/structures/StructuresConfigAccessor.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.mixin.world.structures.StructuresConfigAccessor
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/renderer/GeoMobRenderer.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.renderer.GeoMobRenderer
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/SuspiciousBerryBushBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.SuspiciousBerryBushBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/PalmDoorBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.PalmDoorBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/renderer/coyote/CoyoteRenderer.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.renderer.coyote.CoyoteRenderer
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/registry/GUIRegistry.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.GUIRegistry
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/blockentities/GoldVaseBlockEntity.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.blockentities.GoldVaseBlockEntity
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/DesertFlowerBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.DesertFlowerBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/renderer/coyote/CoyoteEyesFeatureRenderer.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.renderer.coyote.CoyoteEyesFeatureRenderer
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/DesertDiscItem.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.DesertDiscItem
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/blockentities/inventories/ImplementedInventory.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.blockentities.inventories.ImplementedInventory
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/feature/structures/BadlandsTempleStructure.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.structures.BadlandsTempleStructure
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.structures.BadlandsTempleStructure$Start
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/config/BarrenIslesConfig.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.config.BarrenIslesConfig
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.config.BarrenIslesConfig$Client
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.config.BarrenIslesConfig$Generation
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.config.BarrenIslesConfig$Spawning
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.config.BarrenIslesConfig$Stats
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/mixin/world/features/TreeDecoratorTypeInvoker.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.mixin.world.features.TreeDecoratorTypeInvoker
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/mixin/world/features/TrunkPlacerTypeInvoker.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.mixin.world.features.TrunkPlacerTypeInvoker
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/blockentities/VaseBlockEntity.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.blockentities.VaseBlockEntity
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/registry/EntityRegistry.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.EntityRegistry
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/registry/SpawnRegistry.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.SpawnRegistry
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/entity/TumbleGoal.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.entity.TumbleGoal
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/gui/GoldVaseGUI.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.gui.GoldVaseGUI
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/renderer/duneraptor/DuneraptorRenderer.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.renderer.duneraptor.DuneraptorRenderer
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/feature/tree/PalmTreeDecorator.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.tree.PalmTreeDecorator
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/registry/GroupRegistry.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.GroupRegistry
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/mixin/world/features/FoliagePlacerTypeInvoker.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.mixin.world.features.FoliagePlacerTypeInvoker
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/BSChunkGenerator.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.BSChunkGenerator
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/entity/CoyoteEntity.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.entity.CoyoteEntity
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.entity.CoyoteEntity$NightAttackGoal
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/feature/tree/PalmSaplingGenerator.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.feature.tree.PalmSaplingGenerator
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/config/ModMenuCompat.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.config.ModMenuCompat
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/client/model/CoyoteModel.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.client.model.CoyoteModel
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/utils/registry/StructureRegistry.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.utils.registry.StructureRegistry
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/GoldVaseBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.GoldVaseBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/blocks/PoisonIvyBlock.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.blocks.PoisonIvyBlock
ca/thecorgi/barrenisles/entity/DuneraptorEntity.java
 ca.thecorgi.barrenisles.entity.DuneraptorEntity
